The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
Effective but too-tepid biopic
If you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , Wasabi is a good place to start .
Emerges as something rare , an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one .
The film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .
Offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
Perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
Steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it 's so clever you want to hate it .
But he somehow pulls it off .
Take Care of My Cat offers a refreshingly different slice of Asian cinema .
This is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
What really surprises about Wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
-LRB- Wendigo is -RRB- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
One of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
Ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
An utterly compelling ` who wrote it ' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
Illuminating if overly talky documentary .
A masterpiece four years in the making .
The movie 's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
Offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
A thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
With a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , Lovely & Amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
A disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by Philip Glass .
Not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
